We are going to make use of various Engine X directors to help protect your WordPress sites under the
following circumstances, block execution in various directories, help prevent Esquibel and file injection
attacks, as well as help protect against common exploits and block certain spambots in your Etsy Ingenix
directory.
If you haven't already created and includes directory, please do inside.
That includes directory.
I want you to create a file called WP Underscore Security underscore to Dot Seo in.
If we are going to add the directors to the WP security too far.
I've attached a text file to this lecture that contains the various directors for the WordPress security
to file these.
Ensure you've logged into your server and you can change to the Etsy your directory inside the Etsy
Ingenix directory.
I'm going to change to the includes directory.
If you don't have an includes directory, please create a directory called includes sudo neno wp underscore
security underscore to dot seo in F.
In my text editor, control a war, command a control C or command C to copy, control V to paste or
command the toothpaste.
You can close the file, saving your changes, you need to go back one level and then change to the
sites available directory if they need to open your sites configuration file using Nnenna.
Underneath WP security directives, I'm going to add, include, followed by the path ATC engine includes
the name of the file semicolon, you can close your site's configuration file, saving the changes to
do engine X and T test.
The configuration test is successful.
We can reload Engine X in the section.
We further secured your WordPress site by making use of various engine X directives.